pip-wheels-resolved (#631)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rsn0049.md

notice_rapids_version: "All RAPIDS Versions"
notice_created: 2025-06-27
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2025-07-01
---

## Overview

> *NVIDIA's pip repo (pypi.nvidia.com) recovery is complete and up and working.  We've confirmed that all of the RAPIDS wheels have been restored to pypi.nvidia.com.*
> 
> NVIDIA's pip repo (pypi.nvidia.com) is down, impacting the ability for users to install RAPIDS via pip. The team is working to resolve this as quickly as possible. We apologize for any inconvience this may have caused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**2025-07-01:** pypi.nvidia.com recovery is complete. All RAPIDS wheels have been restored to pypi.nvidia.com.

**2025-06-27:** NVIDIA's pip repo (pypi.nvidia.com) is down, impacting the ability for users to install RAPIDS via pip. The team is working to resolve this as quickly as possible. We apologize for any inconvience this may have caused.
```

Because this RSN is more of an "incident report" instead of a single self-contained notice, would you please consider adding dates to the entries?

I've found that really helpful for incidents on status pages, e.g. https://www.githubstatus.com/incidents/ry1gsyjqj4qh

I'd also like to recommend making the update text a bit punchier (for example, we don't need to repeat "NVIDIA's pip repo").
